\section{Main loop}
This section covers the main loop. Since this function is big and clearly
segmented, we will cover it case for case. For the full implementation either
consult the \textit{facein.erl} file or see Figure \ref{code:fullloop}.

\texttt{loop} takes a triple as argument, the triple contains the name of the
person, the list of their friends and a list of messages the person have
recieved. The loop will wait to recieve a message and then depending on
pattern matching will performs actions as descriped in the following
subsections.

\subsection{Adding friends}
Adding a friends is a 2 step process, as descriped in \texttt{add\_friend} the
person we want to add ($F$) to a friendslist ($P$s friendlist), recieves a
message with a pattern as shown in \ref{code:add}.

\codefig{add}{\assignment}{39}{46}{The pattern that catches the first step of
a friend request.}

When the process recieves the proper message it will send a message to $P$
with its own PID and name and then await a reply from $P$. The reply will the
be forwarded back to the caller. In the end it will call itself
(\texttt{loop}) with it's own name, friends and messages.

\codefig{name}{\assignment}{48}{54}{Adding a friend to a friendlist and
responding.}

The second step is in $P$ which matches a message with the pattern shown in
Figure \ref{code:name} it will check if $F$ is already on $P$'s friendlist, if
it is it will send an error back, otherwise it will send an \texttt{ok} back
and then call \texttt{loop} with it's name, it's friendlist with $F$ appended
and the message list.

\subsection{Retrieving friends}

\codefig{friends}{\assignment}{56}{59}{Retrieving the friendlist and sending
it back.}

When a message matches the pattern seen in Figure \ref{code:friends} it will
respond with a message containing it's ID a friend list before it restarts the
\texttt{loop} method with the same arguments.

\subsection{Broadcasting a message}
The implementation of broadcasting out a message from $P$ to all friends
within radius $R$ must be non-blocking. Therefore, we do not wait for it to
receive any feedback from the message passing on lines 63 and 66. Our solution
is based on decrementing the radius $R$ as we propagate the message out to all
immediate friends, using \code{pass\_msg} (see figure \ref{code:pass_msg}) and
then recurse with a decremented radius.

\codefig{rcv-broadcast}{\assignment}{61}{71}{Receiving broadcasts}

As evident of the code above in figure \ref{code:rcv-broadcast}, we have the
zero radius base case on lines 62--64 upon which we simply message ourselves,
as was required by the assignment text. If it is the case that $R > 0$ then we
message ourselves and \code{pass\_msg} is called with a decremented radius.
This rule recurses on the given friendlist $FS$, sending out the broadcast
signal for each one. Note at this time the radius has been decremented before
the call, and so the terminates on the base case of $R=0$.

\codefig{pass_msg}{\assignment}{29}{34}{Propagates the received message to all
in list $FS$}

\subsection{Retrieving messages}
Upon receiving the \code{messages} signal we filter out the unique identifier
associated with the messages in \code{MSG} on line 82, using the built-in
\code{lists:map} function, taking an anonymous function that simply builds a
list of tuples containing the sender and message, instead of the triple which
contains the UID as well.

\codefig{messages}{\assignment}{80}{84}{Retreives the messages}

The rule then responds to the calling thread with this filtered list on line
83, and simply continues the loop execution.

\subsection{Invalid message}
